README.md, before:

# Crwn Clothing

This application was a code-along in the [Complete React Developer in 2020](https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-react-developer-zero-to-mastery/) course delivered on Udemy by [Zero To Mastery](https://zerotomastery.io/). It's an e-commerce clothing website that utilises a variety of features from React, Redux and Google's Firebase and Firestore. The application is deployed on Heroku - visit the current live version [here](https://crownclothingapp.herokuapp.com/). This application is currently in development with responsiveness issues.   

### Homepage: 
![Homepage](/homepage.png)

### Sign-in and sign-up page: 
![Sign-in and sign-up page](/sign-in-sign-up.png)

### Shop page: 
![Shop page](/shop-page.png)

### Payment page: 
![Payment](/payment.png)

## Installation: 

Clone the repository into your local system
```
   $ git clone https://github.com/markgalante/crwn-clothing.git
```

Install dependencies
```
   $ npm install
```

Navigate to client directory and run
```
   $ npm start
```

## Stack
- Web application framework with [Express](https://expressjs.com/). 
- Authorisation managed with Google [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/). 
- Server-side JavaScript code with [Node.Js](https://nodejs.org/en/). 
- Front-end development with [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- Database hosting with [Google Firebase's Firestore](https://firebase.google.com/)

## Other APIs and Dependencies: 
- State managment with [React-Redux](https://react-redux.js.org/) and [Reselect](https://github.com/reduxjs/reselect). 
- Styling with [SASS/SCSS](https://sass-lang.com/).
- Payment with [Stripe](https://stripe.com/)

Commit message:

Add table of contents to Readme.md

README.md, after:

# Crwn Clothing

This application was a code-along in the [Complete React Developer in 2020](https://www.udemy.com/course/complete-react-developer-zero-to-mastery/) course delivered on Udemy by [Zero To Mastery](https://zerotomastery.io/). It's an e-commerce clothing website that utilises a variety of features from React, Redux and Google's Firebase and Firestore. The application is deployed on Heroku - visit the current live version [here](https://crownclothingapp.herokuapp.com/). This application is currently in development with responsiveness issues.  

## Table Of Contents
- [Screenshots](#screenshots)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Stack](#stack)
- [Other APIs and Dependencies](#other-apis-and-dependencies)
- [License](#license)

## Screenshots
### Homepage: 
![Homepage](/homepage.png)

### Sign-in and sign-up page: 
![Sign-in and sign-up page](/sign-in-sign-up.png)

### Shop page: 
![Shop page](/shop-page.png)

### Payment page: 
![Payment](/payment.png)

## Installation: 

Clone the repository into your local system
```
   $ git clone https://github.com/markgalante/crwn-clothing.git
```

Install dependencies
```
   $ npm install
```

Navigate to client directory and run
```
   $ npm start
```

## Stack
- Web application framework with [Express](https://expressjs.com/). 
- Authorisation managed with Google [Firebase](https://firebase.google.com/). 
- Server-side JavaScript code with [Node.Js](https://nodejs.org/en/). 
- Front-end development with [React](https://reactjs.org/)
- Database hosting with [Google Firebase's Firestore](https://firebase.google.com/)

## Other APIs and Dependencies: 
- State managment with [React-Redux](https://react-redux.js.org/) and [Reselect](https://github.com/reduxjs/reselect). 
- Styling with [SASS/SCSS](https://sass-lang.com/).
- Payment with [Stripe](https://stripe.com/)

## License
#### [MIT](./LICENSE)
